hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be talking to you about how to make
studying fun over Christmas actually
enjoying the studying over Christmas
it's going to make you more motivated to
study in the first place and it's also
going to mean that you can concentrate
for longer periods of time and that you
will be more productive during this time
and that you won't feel as though you've
wasted the whole of the Christmas season
so I know that I wouldn't have been able
to study it as long if I hadn't tried to
do this myself because you can't sit
down and study for I know that I've done
14 and 15 hours in the past you can't
sit down and study for that long if
you're not going to enjoy it I mean I
would not do it if I'd want going to
enjoy it because you wouldn't feel happy
you need to make sure that you're
feeling happy when you're doing things
the first thing which I would recommend
this is a very this is an overarching
point which does appeal to most of the
things that I will be discussing with
you and that is to feel cozy and really
train embody that feeling of coziness
that hugger feeling it as they say in
Denmark favorite word I love the idea of
hugger try and embody that idea of
hooker when you're studying because if
you're going to do this then you are
going to continue to feel Christmasy non
festive and you are hopefully going to
enjoy your study sessions so how can you
do this so hooker is a feeling inside
it's not something which I can give you
a formula for and you're just and it's
just going to suddenly make you feel
that that's that's not how it works
there are things that will help you to
feel this this idea of hooker so what
you really want is so you know when you
watch a really beautiful Christmas film
or just a beautiful film in general
which is very uplifting very
heartwarming and you feel that shiver of
just you know kind of a sense of shiver
up your spine because it's so beautiful
I think that's her go and I feel that
when I study sometimes because you just
make it so so serene so cozy so perfect
almost that's you feel that you feel a
little cozy and you feel really happy
and you want to study and you feel
motivated so the things that I would do
to you to get that feeling number one I
love to light candles this can be any
sort of candle I really love lighting
scented candles I've got this really
lovely one which is vanilla and
this talk scented candle my friend Emily
got me this for my birthday pumpkin
candles are of course my favorites
Hagrid's pumpkin patch from from the
page candles but ultimately my favorite
candles to lights are candlesticks
because they're really old-fashioned and
I think sometimes switching off from the
modern world and I find this at least
watching off from the modern world
really helps you to simplify everything
because our lives are so busy with
social media with deadlines with just
generally everything the modern world is
very busy and it's very hard to find a
moment for yourself and so I think
switching back to a simpler time a very
simple life can be really liberating and
really mindfully important and I find
that candlesticks and old-fashioned
things really help me to feel this
feeling and it just makes me think
actually what I'm doing at the moment
this is this is really important this is
so important that I do this not sure if
that makes much sense but it works for
me and it might work for you leading on
from that I sometimes like to write with
quills if I'm feeling if I want to feel
especially cozy and I'm trying to get
into that mindset so I'll just write
with a feather quill a dipping dipping
pan and I'll write out my notes like
that again it's much simpler and it's
just a static I mean leading on from
that just having a static Center
stationary can be really helpful I know
that seems quite silly that might sound
silly I'm I know people say oh do you
really need a static stationary to feel
productive and you don't need it but it
definitely helps so I mean things like
this gorgeous little pen from Paper
Chase I've got these stabile a pastel
highlighters and basically having
stationery that you like to use and that
when when you've made your notes you're
proud of them if you can add in the
aesthetic element which is very
particular to you it's going to change
for every person one thing which I
recommend is positioning yourself so
that you're looking out over a window I
have worked on desks where I face where
I face a wall and I have that
in university but I do not find that I
am I enjoy studying as much when I
haven't got a landscape or just
something outside to look out on to you
and I know this might always be a
possibility but for example in my
university room I like to sit on so I
you shouldn't sit on your bed when you
study I think you shouldn't but I sit on
my bed and then there's a Ledge here so
I basically sit on the bed and walk on
the ledge because there's a window that
and I feel so much more productive and
more motivated and just happier when I'm
studying I'm not sure what it is maybe
it's just natural daylight I really
think it helps and I think it just helps
you to feel more awake and more engaged
another thing which you might want to
utilize is music so finding some really
beautiful classical music to listen to
you which can just play in the
background but it makes everything feel
much more serene and if you play
Christmas music that's just
additionally perfect so I love the
sacred Christmas album by Paul Caudill
that's really good and if you're
interested in just general classical
study music I can maybe make a video on
my favorite classical music to study too
because I do have so many favorites I go
through so much at the moment I'm loving
the new Romeo and Juliet soundtrack
that's really great study to you again
it just helps to fit with that idea of
Hooker and that feeling of coziness
because music in itself can inspire that
and can emphasis by that feeling within
us
so definitely by playing this we can
help ourselves to feel that to you and
to them to feel that idea of festivity
and happiness and enjoy our studying the
last thing which I would recommend is
doing tasks that you don't have to do
over Christmas and this might sound very
contradictory because I've just said try
and maximize your time so that you have
more time to go and see friends and try
and do other traditionally Christmassy
festive activities but if you do tasks
which you want set to do you know you do
things just because you want to do them
and you're really proactive and you show
initiative you just do something which
you had no reason to do so maybe
entering an essay writing competition or
writing some creative writing just for
your
benefit or learning something completely
new not because anyone else told you to
it gives you a feeling of real self
satisfaction it makes you feel so much
more productive and motivated than if
you just do tasks it's you've been told
to do even if it's just one or two
things over the hold of Christmas if you
do want to be especially at the
beginning if you do this it just makes
your whole holiday feel more productive
and actually just trying to do one one
of these things every day can be really
really beneficial it just makes you feel
more more like you should be motivated
and more proud of what you're doing as
though you're doing it for yourself as
opposed to just as opposed to somebody
else these things really helped me to
enjoy my study sessions and to feel
happier and festive and Christmassy even
when I'm studying and I think this is
the best way to approach what is
something necessary for all of us to do
I think it's so important that we
actually try and enjoy it and I think
this new perspective on studying and
this new way of looking at studying can
be really helpful for all of us in
helping us to maximize our potential and
get the most out of our education and
out of our time and not feel as though
we're ever wasting time because that's
the thing that we should that that's the
worst thing that we can do so I hope
that this video is helpful I hope that
you have a productive week and a
productive Christmas